Sony sponsored this unboxing of the new
link buds open while regular earbuds can
be great to like block out the world
sometimes you just want to be aware of
your surroundings that's where the link
buds open signature dut driver design
comes in these allow you to hear your
surroundings and your music without
having to rely on transparency modes
that can be defeated by a stiff breeze
while they may look a bit different you
still get all the features you'd expect
from a set of truly wireless earbuds
touch controls from music and voice
assistants mics for taking calls up to 8
hours of listening time with the buds
themselves are up to 22 hours with the
case and the sound Connect app so you
can customize your listening experience
you can even put these cute little
covers on your cases and Sony gives you
these airfitting supporters air fitting
supporters yeah that's so they stay
secure in your ears without applying too
much pressure and trust me these stay in
great